remove recaptcha, add more session signature info (#151)
LIT-Protocol/docs: versioned_docs/version-2.0/sdk/explanation/authentication/sessionSigs/authMethods/email-sms.md

  },
});
```

### Generating `SessionSigs`

After successfully authenticating with an `AuthMethod`, you can generate `Session Signatures` using the provider's `getSessionSigs` method. The `getSessionSigs` method takes in an `AuthMethod` object, a PKP public key, and other session-specific arguments such as `resourceAbilityRequests` and returns a `SessionSig` object.

```javascript
// Get session signatures for the given PKP public key and auth method
const sessionSigs = await provider.getSessionSigs({
  authMethod: '<AuthMethod object returned from authenticate()>',
  sessionSigsParams: {
    chain: 'ethereum',
    resourceAbilityRequests: [{
      resource: litResource,
      ability: LitAbility.AccessControlConditionDecryption
    }],
  },
});
```

### Generating Session Signatures using the `LitNodeClient`

::: note

> The example will assume you are using `LitNodeClient` but this example also works with `LitNodeClientNodeJS`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example assumes you are using `LitNodeClient` and also works with `LitNodeClientNodeJS`
```

:::

Initalize an instance of the `LitNodeClient` and connect to the network

```javascript
const litNodeClient: LitNodeClientNodeJs = new LitNodeClientNodeJs({
    litNetwork: 'cayenne',
    debug: true
});
await litNodeClient.connect();
```

> Request a specified pkp to sign a session signature, authenticating with an `Auth Method` for a given `PKP`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Request a specified PKP to sign a session signature, authenticating with an `Auth Method` for a given `PKP`
```

> you can use the `session.fetchPKPThroughRelayer`  method above to query pkp public keys associated with a given auth method. you can also use the `contracts-sdk` to query pkp information by Authentication Method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `session.fetchPKPThroughRelayer`  method above can be used to query PKP public keys associated with a given auth method. You can also use the `contracts-sdk` to query PKP information by Authentication Method.
```
